---
layout: post
title: On how the west destroyed the east
date: '2012-06-16 10:05:00'
---

<p>I&rsquo;ll try to write this from a fairly neutral perspective, though given what I&rsquo;ve seen so far on my travels and my personal thoughts towards this subject, that may be slightly difficult.<!--more--></p>
<p>I&rsquo;ve been really fortunate so far in life, I&rsquo;ve travelled a hell of a lot in a fairly short space of time. As such, I&rsquo;ve been blessed with being able to see some of the <a href="http://www.samuelclarke.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/648_106570785314_3929_n.jpeg" target="_blank">most beautiful places on the planet</a>. But in being able to see places like this, I&rsquo;ve also come to notice more and more, how the west has heavily influenced these distant countries.</p>
<p>In a lot of instances that&rsquo;s not at all a bad thing, it&rsquo;s allowed for things like mass production, employment etc&hellip; But at the same time, has (I believe), begun to damage a lot of traditions. I know this sounds fairly antiquated, it sounds like I&rsquo;m saying all countries should stay as they were and never evolve.. But that&rsquo;s not true! What I&rsquo;m simply saying is, I think that the west has affected the east in some ways that we had no place to do so&hellip; I spent some time in Singapore during my trip over to notice that all the bars were very &ldquo;British&rdquo;, even the plug sockets in the walls were the typical 3 pin UK ports&hellip; Is that not a little strange?</p>
<p>I&rsquo;ve always been of the opinion when travelling, that if you&rsquo;re abroad, you shouldn&rsquo;t have your typical meal for dinner. What&rsquo;s the point in going thousands of miles, to simply sit in a McDonalds? Or eat fish and chips? If you&rsquo;ve made all that effort to escape the UK, or the US I suppose.. Why not go the extra mile and try a dish you&rsquo;ve never eaten before? This is purely an example, but it tends to be my theory for travelling. And that theory seems less and less plausible if every country I visit is becoming more and more like the country that I&rsquo;ve attempted to escape in the first place?</p>
<p>My rant is most certainly not over, I just wanted to voice my opinion!</p>
