---
layout: post
title: I need a hobby...
date: '2013-11-19 11:05:19'
index: true
sitemap: true
---

<p>One thing spending (so far) 7 weeks away from Charleigh has taught me, is that I really don&rsquo;t have much to do in my spare time. I&rsquo;ve always been fairly active, from a young age my brother and I had tons of hobbies&hellip; Music, Rock climbing, cycling, kayaking, all sorts of stuff! But as I&rsquo;ve got older I seem to have pushed those things further and further down my priority list.<!--more--></p>
<p>I&rsquo;ve always regretted not keeping up with the things I enjoy doing in my spare time&hellip; For the most part, it&rsquo;s probably because I felt I had more interesting things going on, but looking back I realise that not to be the case for the most part. Of course there are things in life I will never regret, some things just took precedence. But I think I&rsquo;ve now got to a stage in my life where, for one, there&rsquo;s nothing I have to do anymore. Being this far away from friends means I no longer have an obligation to go and spend time with them (Not that I ever felt obligated in the sense that it&rsquo;s something I should have been doing, but it certainly sat higher on my priority list than my own spare time did). Perhaps that&rsquo;s half the battle? I&rsquo;ve constantly tried to keep myself busy for one reason or another, usually trying to avoid spending time to myself, but now Charleigh, Ellie and I have our home together, we both enjoy just chilling out now and again. I think that this is now the time in which we&rsquo;re both able to come home from work, put Ellie to bed, and have our time. </p>
<p>Looking back at the things I&rsquo;ve missed out on, one stands out far more than the others. Music. There was a time when if I wasn&rsquo;t at school or eating, id be playing guitar, learning new songs, honing my skills. It&rsquo;s certainly something I miss and something I truly hope to bring back to my life.</p>
<p>When I first moved to Australia, I didn&rsquo;t really leave myself enough time to get a hard case for one of my acoustic guitars and as such, it sits in England, without me. I&rsquo;m going to make a change, I&rsquo;m going to go and buy the guitar I&rsquo;ve always wanted and a MIDI controller and get back in to music. There have always been several levels on which I&rsquo;ve enjoyed music&hellip; Listening to it, writing it, recording it&hellip; I&rsquo;m going to try much harder to enjoy my talent, and maybe someone else will too!</p>
