---
layout: post
title: Where the hell have I been?
date: '2013-11-19 11:05:19'
---

<p>Sat here, half way through finishing off a post I shall publish in the coming days, I realised I hadn&rsquo;t posted on here for quite some time! As such, there is a hell of a lot to write about.. That said, I will compress this astounding story in to a small number of paragraphs, just the right size for my attention span to cope with.<!--more--></p>
<p>Since last writing, we have acquired our apartment and I am proud to say, it is the perfect place. The apartment we were hoping for, is all ours. Just to lay the ground rules, I won&rsquo;t be posting any pictures of the place.. Nor will I be describing it, in any detail at all, until Charleigh and Ellie are here with me. We&rsquo;re currently waiting on their VISAs to be approved but we&rsquo;re oh so very close now!</p>
<p>Moving away from setting ourselves up together, I&rsquo;ve pretty much been working non-stop since I got here! I decided not to take off any time, so that I could save that for my families arrival. I have however, been fortunate enough to make my way up to Sydney for Online Retailer conference&hellip; I got myself up there the weekend prior to the conference, which gave me plenty of spare time. I&rsquo;m sorry to say, I fell in to the category of &ldquo;The Tourist&rdquo;. Not, I might add, with the flare of Johnny Depp in Italy, more so with the aspiration to not stop moving. I&rsquo;ve found that to be a fantastic way to keep going while our family is not yet together and more recently I&rsquo;d been struggling quite severely. So it was nice to spend a weekend and then the following couple of days of the conference on the tip of my toes.</p>
<p>I walked, I believe, on nearly every street in Central Sydney, of course, made my way to the Apple Store, Westfield and just about any other shop I could find! I managed to get some shopping out the way and even treated myself to a few things! I also walked my way through town to the Sydney Opera House &amp; Harbour Bridge which are spectacular. I was surprised by them&hellip; They&rsquo;re such well known structures that I think it&rsquo;s safe to say most people have seen them. On that basis, I assumed they&rsquo;d be somewhat a let down&hellip; I&rsquo;ll let you make up your own mind if you&rsquo;re ever so fortunate.</p>
<p>I now find myself, back at my desk in Melbourne&hellip; Waiting.</p>
